Strait out spider-ant like worker of the hive. Does anything and everything for the hive. Can be changed to do several tasks including mining, building, and attacking. Is a platform for modification. Can easily be seen inside and outside the drone control land. Will be common in mines, and around key points. Will poke at the player when found and is not a weak drone to fight. 

Looks like bugs from space troopers made of black metal. Very fast and can climb. Has a single red eye. Though it can be in several places. Some have several eyes.


20 HP Default
Can ram the player for 1 hp. 
Light armor

Mining drone   
    Has minor item storage, and uses claw jaws to mine.
Lava Mining Drone
    55 HP
    Mines with drill claw mouth. Has minor item storage and very hard skin
    Will block arrows
    Found deep in the earth and in the nether
    Player should avoid as this drone can grapel wall to get out of lava or the player into lava.
Drill Drone
    Can drill holes and mine a bit faster than the mining drone. Though the mining drone move around more.
    15 HP, with no armor
    3 HP drill attack
Laser Mining Drone
    10HP
    Mines ores rather fast but melts them into clumbs that have to processed. Its effect can be see with molten rock piles
    10HP laser attack but easy to kill
Cargo drone
    30 HP
    Moves cargo around. Has a single chest worth or room. As well can pick up machine in place of the chest storage. Is very wide range use drone as it can build as well by picking up single blocks on its back.

Weapon Drone
     50 HP
     Missile Drone
        40 HP
        4 Pack missile launcher
        Fires mirco missile ammo of varies types
        Has built in long range radar that works with ICBM
     Cannon Drone
        Long range heavy hitter cannon
        10 HP direct hit plus tnt blast radius
        long reload time
        can't see very well and needs other drones to see
     Mortar Drone
        Long range mobile arillery support
        tnt type blast though it contains other mortar shell types
        medium reload time
        can't see the target and needs drones to see
     Laser Drone
        Standard damage sentry. Can bunker down for more armor but can't move when it does
        7 Hp damage hit
        Has a small sheild to reflect arrorws, and small bullets
     MM Gun drone
        Same as above but with out the shield
        Has more armor than its brother drone
        2 hp damage shell but fires fast
        low accurcy and range
     Mine Drone
        Places mines, and traps around the map.
        Will attack the player like a creeper if trapped
     Bomb Drone
        Caries a bomb into the fight. Will try to place it and set if off.
        However will do the same as a mine drone when corned. Only diff is the outcome can be a very large boom

